Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
NATASHA:
Hello?
Is anyone there?
Someone help me!
(♪)
♪ Who's in control
♪ I got to know
me. me. me ♪
♪ Who's in control
I'm gonna explode ♪
♪ Can you bring it back to
me. me. me ♪
♪ Bring it back to me. me. me
NATASHA:
Grief is a strange thing.
There's no manual.
No one size fits all.
No memo to let you know how
it's gonna show up that day.
So we keep it tucked away.
hoping that today
might be the day
it all sucks a little less.
For some of us. mornings are
a well-crafted story.
a hopeful prelude to the day
full of routine and promise.
For others. they can feel like
a draining mindless slog
to make it out the door alive.
when staying under your sheets
feels like the far saner option.
But spoiler alert.
it doesn't really matter
what side you fall on.
There's no award
for coping faster
or more gracefully
than the next person.
It's about waking up each day.
messy or not.
and looking grief in the eye.
realizing the pain showed up
again and letting it.
Because you know what?
So did you.
(♪)
Oh. hi.
Do you know where I could...
-Sir. have you seen...
-Chloe.
Louis.
Gosh. I haven't seen you since--
-Graduation.
-Uh. yeah. exactly.
How you been?
Good. yeah.
You?
I recently got promoted
to dispatch manager.
So. you know. killing it.
Focus on progress.
not perfection.
That's what
my grandma always said.
Mrs. A. That's right.
And she was the
best art teacher ever.
-I mean--
-Yeah. she was the best.
How-- how's she doing?
Uh. actually. um. she--
she died last Tuesday.
Oh my God. I'm so sorry.
Oh. well. that-- that-- that's--
that's rough.
-Do you still draw?
-Yeah. sometimes.
You know. old habits.
How about a tour?
Great.
LEWIS:
So every junior
delivery dispatcher
starts off with two drivers.
It's up to you to ensure that
everything runs smoothly
when they're offsite.
That includes communicating
with customers.
coordinating delivery times
or providing them with intel.
Well. don't they have devices
for all of that?
Theoretically. yes.
But our CEO likes a little bit
more of a hands-on approach.
They want us to have as much
human-to-human
connection as possible.
Oh.
Oh. over here
is our loading zone.
Every package is scanned before
loadout every morning.
And every driver's scanner
is linked
to their dispatcher's computer.
so you'll be able to track
their location and progress
throughout the day.
You're basically
a glorified babysitter.
Chloe. Rita.
Rita. Chloe.
Oh. welcome to the family.
sweetheart.
Anything you need.
you let me know.
-Thank you.
-Where's Theo?
Present.
Oh.
You must be the new dispatcher.
Chloe.
Nice to meet you.
You too.
(BUZZER RINGS)
LEWIS:
What the?
First day nerves?
Uh. yeah. I guess so.
Well. uh. we'll be in touch.
I guess.
Yeah.
-Let me show you to your office.
-Mm-hmm.
(MACHINE BEEPING IN BACKGROUND)
(PHONE RINGING)
Hey. Sloan.
SLOAN: (ON PHONE)
Hey. girl.
I have a surprise for you.
Are you at the house?
NATASHA: (ON PHONE)
Oh. when am I not?
Okay. You sound overwhelmed.
Just organizing a bunch
of paperwork
that I-- I don't understand.
Ew. why?
Because the internet has
a whole bunch of ideas
about how to be a widow.
And apparently. I suck at it.
SLOAN: (ON PHONE)
Okay. screw the internet.
You are the best widow I know.
I'm the only widow you know.
Mm. well. if Zach leaves
those beard clippings
in the sink one more time.
I promise
that'll change real quick.
Oh. shit.
Was that insensitive?
Uh. maybe.
But it did make me smile. so.
Well. then my job here
is complete.
I'll be there around 2:00.
Love you. girl.
NATASHA: (ON PHONE)
Love you. too.
(PHONE RINGING IN DISTANCE)
(EMPLOYEES TYPING)
(PHONE RINGING)
Um.
He-- hello?
Hey. mama. It's Rita.
It looks like there's a lot of
construction on Bishop Flats
for drop six.
Any alternate routes
on your end?
Uh. yeah. one second.
(TYPING)
Oh.
How we looking?
CHLOE: (ON CALL)
Um. one second.
Okay. if you take Middleton
to Clearwater.
you can cut through
Gable Villages.
Thanks. girl.
Okay.
(♪)
(CARS HONKING)
Are you kidding me?
Really?
(PHONE RINGING)
Hello?
I'm in gridlock on Middleton.
Rita. I'm-- I'm so sorry.
The computer froze. and I tried
to do it on my phone.
It happens. honey.
All good.
I do have a tight pickup window
that I'm not gonna make though
for a regular.
Could you patch it through
to Theo?
CHLOE: (ON CALL)
Dispatch for Theo?
Go for Theo.
Hey. it's uh. Chloe.
the new girl.
Yeah. I remember.
So. Rita's not gonna
make a pickup for a regular.
So is there any way
you could cover?
Uh. what happened?
I may have sent her
into gridlock traffic.
-THEO: (ON CALL) Uh-oh.
-Yeah. not my finest moment.
What you're really asking for
is a favor.
Uh. a little one maybe.
THEO: (ON CALL)
What's the address?
12-5-30 Dewy Lane.
THEO: (ON CALL)
That's gonna add another
40 minutes to my day.
Yeah. I know. I'm so sorry.
Tell you what.
I'll cover the pickup
if you agree to have a drink
with me tonight.
-Seriously?
-Yeah. come on.
We can celebrate
your first day of work.
CHLOE: (ON CALL)
I don't know that there's much
to celebrate at this point.
Come on.
It's this new place I want
to check out.
and I don't really feel like
going alone.
Uh. yeah. Okay.
Okay.
(♪)
(KNOCKS)
NATASHA:
It's unlocked!
Come on in!
I'll be right there!
Thank you. Rita.
Oh. hi.
Sorry. I was expecting Rita.
Uh. yeah.
she's stuck in traffic.
I-- I didn't mean to scare you.
I just--
No. it's not your fault.
I should answer the door
like a normal person.
(THEO CHUCKLES)
I'm Natasha.
Oh. Theo.
(BARKING)
Who's this little guy?
Oh. that's Arger.
He's um. he's an attack dog.
So. watch out.
Oh yeah.
he looks like a real killer.
It's a cool name though.
Thank you.
Short for Argerich.
What. like Martha Argerich?
Yeah. actually.
One of the greatest living
pianists on the planet.
Do you play?
No. my mom did.
She was a big fan.
Do you?
Uh. I can play a mean
Twinkle Twinkle Little Star.
but... (CHUCKLES)
Got it.
You're classically trained then.
Yeah. sorry again for...
No. it's not your fault.
See you. Arger.
(BARKS)
Bye.
(CLACKING)
Hey. sorry to bother you again.
but...
I'm still here!
Okay. then.
(DOOR SHUTS)
(GASPS)
(THUDDING)
-(GASPS)
-Chloe!
Are you okay?
-Are you alright?
-Yeah. yeah.
I'm sorry. I'm fine.
You're still here.
What's--
Yeah. I think-- I think
I just I wasn't um.
I wasn't looking at the clock.
Well. actually. I uh-- I wanted
to give you this.
I'm really sorry about
your grandmother.
Lewis. this is--
this is really beautiful.
Are you about ready
for that drink?
Yeah. yeah. just um. one second.
Thank you for this.
Really.
You have a great night.
You too.
And you know. after more than
a few concussions.
the NFL was off the table
and I don't know. everything
crashed and burned.
CHLOE:
I can't even imagine.
So you gonna have
anything stiffer
than that Shirley Temple?
Oh. no.
I'm fine.
I'm actually
not much of a drinker.
Fair enough.
So what about you?
Out of all the jobs
in the world.
why'd you choose this one?
I thought it would be a position
with very little
human interaction.
What? You're--
you're not a fan of people?
So. I've been taking care of
my grandma
for the past three years.
So...
What did you do before that?
I was a uh-- a receptionist
at a um-- a treatment center.
THEO:
Addiction?
Mental health. mostly.
Wow. there was a--
there was a time
after my playing days
and where I was
having panic attacks.
-Really?
-Mm.
Wow. so what changed?
I kind of created my own
superpower to get through.
-Superpower?
-THEO: Something like that.
Okay. what--
what is this superpower?
Curiosity.
(CHLOE CHUCKLES)
-CHLOE: Curiosity?
-Mm-hmm.
But didn't curiosity
kill the cat?
But satisfaction
brought it back.
Trust me. next time you find
yourself curious
about something.
do yourself a favor.
explore it.
You never know
what you might find.
(GASPS)
So-- sorry.
Do we have a problem here?
-Get the hell off me. man.
-I said. do we have a problem?
No. no.
No.
No. we don't have a problem.
-No. there's no problem.
-THEO: No. there's no problem.
(LAUGHING) It's okay. buddy.
It's okay.
Apologize.
I'm sorry.
It's fine.
You need to be more careful.
okay?
Yeah.
(♪)
(CHUCKLES)
(MACHINE BEEPING)
(TYPING)
(PHONES RINGING IN BACKGROUND)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER
IN BACKGROUND)
(KEYS CLACKING)
Thanks for covering with
that pickup yesterday.
It was nothing.
Is uh-- is she a regular?
Oh. yeah.
What's the uh-- what's the deal
with the husband?
Don't start.
(THEO CHUCKLES)
-What?
-Don't what me.
I know what you're thinking.
It's just a question.
Mm-hmm.
(♪)
(PHONE RINGING)
-Hello.
Hey. pumpkin. it's Rita.
I'm missing a package for
my next drop.
Can you make the rounds?
CHLOE: (ON CALL)
Of course.
Uh. name and address?
RITA: (ON CALL)
It's 12-5-30 Dewey Lane.
Customer is Natasha Wallace.
Alright. I'm on it.
Go for Theo.
Hey. Theo.
Uh. Rita's missing a package.
It's for um. 12-5-30 Dewey Lane.
Name is Natasha Wallace.
I think it's the same place
I sent you to yesterday.
That didn't by chance get stuck
in your pile. did it?
Uh. doubtful. but I'll--
I'll check.
CHLOE: (ON CALL)
Thank you.
I guess I was wrong.
Must have gotten mixed in
by mistake.
But I'll swing back uh. before
heading back.
Sorry about that.
You have fun last night?
Well. the food was really good.
I should let Rita know
about that package.
Copy that.
Okay. cool.
Hey. Rita.
Yes. he does have it.
He says he'll drop it off
in a bit.
Okay. sounds good.
Okay.
(ENGINE STARTS. REVS)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER
IN BACKGROUND)
(KEYS CLACKING)
(CLICKING)
(DOORBELL RINGS)
-WOMAN 1: Hi. Natasha.
-Hi.
-WOMAN 1: How are you?
-Hello! Good to see you.
Come on in.
WOMAN 1:
Thank you for having us.
Oh my God.
what a beautiful home.
Thank you.
We just redecorated.
WOMAN 1:
Wonderful. Okay.
So tell us your life motto.
Oh. start each day
with a grateful heart.
WOMAN 1:
Guilty pleasure.
NATASHA:
Eating popcorn for dinner.
(CHUCKLES)
WOMAN 1:
Yum.
Last thing you search
for online.
NATASHA:
Uh. '90s minimalism.
WOMAN 1:
If you had to pick a muse.
Ooh. my dog. Arger.
Of course.
WOMAN 1:
Three things you can't
live without.
NATASHA:
Fuzzy socks. hope
and...
-Her husband.
-Oh my god!
(GIGGLES)
NATASHA:
The goal is to not
make people cringe.
NATASHA'S HUSBAND:
Oh. yeah? Like this?
(GIGGLES) Oh my God. Stop.
Oh my God. You're scaring me.
SLOAN:
Hey. I'm sorry.
(GASPS)
SLOAN:
I know I was supposed
to be here yesterday.
I had a thing. and another thing
and-- oh my God!
What's wrong?
What happened?
Come here.
(SOBS)
NATASHA:
Sloan. I miss him so much.
Oh my-- What is it?
I found David's shirt
behind the washer.
It still smells like him.
SLOAN:
No. no. no. no.
My gosh. you poor thing.
I am so sorry.
But I have something that may
cheer you up.
What is it?
It is the start of a new era.
(GASPS)
You're an author.
(LAUGHING)
Congratulations!
Oh my goodness.
And you're so right
about the pink font.
It looks so much better.
You-- This is amazing.
I know that was a hassle.
-Thank you.
-Not at all.
That is what managers
and best friends are for.
200 copies have already been
sent to Booked & Bound Bookstore
for this Friday's reading.
It's going to be exclusive
and very intimate.
That's a little excessive.
isn't it?
No. it's not.
You just hit a million
followers on Instapixer.
You have three million across
all platforms.
Trust me. 200 is just the start.
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
(CHUCKLES)
I can't believe I wrote a book.
Believe it.
The first of many.
And David would be so proud.
Okay. let's celebrate.
NATASHA:
It is barely 3:00 p.m.
And I barely care.
I will have your perky ass drunk
before happy hour.
(LAUGHING)
-I love you.
-I love you. too.
So proud of you.
(CHUCKLES)
(PHONE RINGING)
(DOORBELL RINGS)
-I'll take care of that.
-Okay. yeah.
Hello?
-Yeah?
-Hello?
Uh. I have a package
for Ms. Wallace.
Okay. great. I'll take it.
Oh. well. actually.
I need a signature.
Okay.
I'll sign it.
-NATASHA: Okay.
-From Ms. Wallace.
Well. can we just change it
from my husband's name to mine?
Natasha. he needs a signature
from you.
(BARKING)
Hi.
Thank you.
(CONTINUES BARKING)
SLOAN:
Thank you.
(MACHINE BEEPING)
Hey man. can we talk
for a second?
What's up?
Is there anything I should know
about today?
Any-- any mishaps?
Nothing I could think of. why?
Come on. man.
I saw you.
You saw me what?
Take one of Rita's packages.
No. you didn't.
Yes. I did.
Look. man. I--
I know what I saw.
You sure about that?
Your glasses. they um.
look a little dirty.
There's nothing wrong
with my glasses.
Mm. I don't know.
They look pretty dirty.
(GULPS)
Please give those back.
Here we go.
I think you'll be seeing things
a lot more clearly now.
Good talk.
(DOG BARKING IN BACKGROUND)
CHLOE:
"Gone from sight.
but never from my heart."
(♪)
NATASHA: (ON PHONE)
Hey dolls. don't forget to stop
by Booked & Bound at noon
for today's book signing.
Can't wait to see you there.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER
IN BACKGROUND)
Oh. Lewis. Lewis. hey. hey.
-Oh. hey. You.
-CHLOE: Can I talk to you?
Yeah. Oh. um...
CHLOE:
Are these yours?
Yeah. yeah. just a graphic novel
I've been working on.
Lewis. these are really good.
Well. you know. everyone--
everyone's always
talking about side hustles.
No. you should be doing
this full time.
I wish. you know. maybe someday.
Um. but uh. did--
did you need something?
Yeah. yeah. um. I just--
I totally spaced.
I have a doctor's appointment
in half an hour.
So. is-- is it okay
if I just slip out?
Yeah. yeah. Go.
Is everything okay?
Oh. it's just--
it's a routine checkup.
LEWIS:
Okay.
Okay. thank you.
NATASHA:
"In a different era. the It Girl
was someone whose picture
was captured at all
the best social gatherings
surrounded by
the ultra fabulous.
These days. the new It Girl is
someone who takes photos
of herself at home alone.
When David was alive.
I imagined the curtain closing.
Life without a lens.
I envisioned the joy.
the freedom.
the kids.
But the future doesn't exist
anymore. so the show goes on.
Another late night
with a million strangers
as I scroll numbly
through comments.
colonized in a bed
that lost its comfort
the day I lost you.
Always alone.
The life of an It Girl.
isn't it fab?"
(APPLAUSE)
I just need a...
Okay. everyone. just give us
five minutes and we'll be
right back for the signing.
okay?
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
SLOAN:
Hey.
Are you okay?
It's just the first time
I've read that since
sending it to the publisher. so.
This is so fresh.
So. you know.
SLOAN:
That's because it is.
But he's in a much
better place now.
And just look at how much
you've grown from all of this.
Remember. diamonds are forged
in the fire.
Don't you forget that.
There's a reason for everything.
NATASHA:
I'll be out there in a minute.
okay?
SLOAN:
Hey. you're a rock star.
I hate that saying.
Oh. I didn't realize
anyone else was in here.
So-- sorry. I-- I couldn't help
but overhear.
What saying?
That everything happens
for a reason?
(SIGHS)
CHLOE:
It's like they're forcing you
to see the bright side.
Like to find a silver lining
in your pain as if
feeling anything other
than positivity
makes you a terrible person.
Is it so awful and abnormal
to think that everything
could just be dark. and raw.
and senseless?
I couldn't agree more.
Do you think
it ever gets better?
I don't know.
I hope so.
Me too.
SLOAN:
Hey. the line is
ready when you are.
I'll be right there!
SLOAN:
Okay.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
-Thank you.
-(CHUCKLES)
Hi.
♪ Hold down your breath still
♪ You join the fight will
♪ Just sit and wait there
(LAUGHING)
♪ You see me fly
♪ You know they'll never
catch me for it ♪
♪ See me fly
♪ The way I put
my finger on it ♪
♪ See me fly
(LAUGHING)
♪ You got it
♪ Then try to tell me
you've got the wrong guy ♪
♪ See me fly
♪ You know you'll never
catch me for it ♪
♪ See me fly
♪ The way I put
my finger on it ♪
♪ See me fly
♪ You got it
♪ Then try to tell me
you got the wrong guy ♪
(THUD IN DISTANCE)
Hello?
Arger?
(BIRDS CHIRPING IN BACKGROUND)
(ENGINE REVS)
(BEEPING)
(PHONE CLATTERS)
(PHONE BEEPS)
(♪)
LEWIS:
Hey. Chloe.
Oh. um. hi.
What-- what's up?
Uh. how was the uh--
how was the doctor?
The other day during lunch?
Oh. yeah.
All good. Alright. that's--
that's good.
-Yeah.
-Um.
so uh. listen. would you--
would you maybe want to like
grab some--
some food with me sometime?
Oh. uh.
It could be uh. you know.
anytime. tonight.
tomorrow. whenever.
Yeah. tonight is good.
Okay. yeah.
Awesome. cool. We-- we can go to
the bar on Linden.
-CHLOE: Okay.
-Yeah.
Alright. well. I'll--
I'll meet you there at 8:00?
CHLOE:
Yeah. perfect.
Perfect. Great. Awesome.
Keep up the good work.
(CHUCKLES) Okay.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER
IN BACKGROUND)
(PHONE RINGING)
Go for Chloe.
THEO: (ON CALL)
Hey. it's Theo.
Did we ever get a confirmation
on that 515 pickup?
Uh. one second.
(ARGER BARKING)
Did-- did you pick up
a stray dog?
THEO: (ON CALL)
Not that I remember.
Must be interference.
How's the pickup looking?
Um. yeah.
Yeah. you're all set.
THEO: (ON CALL)
Thanks.
(♪)
It's getting colder
and darker by the second.
I'm telling you.
this isn't like him.
SLOAN: (ON PHONE)
I'm sure he'll show up.
Alright. I'm gonna walk the
neighborhood one more time.
And I'll just--
I'll keep you posted. okay?
SLOAN: (ON PHONE)
Good luck.
(NATASHA GASPS)
Arger! Wait. how did you?
Uh. my delivery truck ran out
of gas a few blocks over
and I was about to walk
to the gas station.
And I saw this little fella
scavenging someone's trash.
I thought he looked familiar.
You are a lifesaver.
I have no idea how he got out.
Oh. little guy probably just
wanted some fresh air.
Didn't realize
how chilly it was.
Anyway. I'm happy I could help.
Thank you so much.
-Really.
-Anytime. anytime.
You have a good night.
Yeah. you too.
(THEO GRUNTS)
You don't think that--
any way you could...
Ah. never mind.
I-- I don't want to put you out.
You just rescued my dog.
So. please. ask away.
Would it be too much to bum
a ride to the gas station?
Um. uh. I...
Uh. you know. never mind.
It's okay.
No. no.
No. no. no. no. no.
It's-- it's fine.
-You sure?
-Completely. yeah.
Alright. Arger. you stay put.
(ARGER BARKING)
(♪)
Thanks again for the ride.
Yeah. it's the least I could do.
(THEO CLEARS THROAT)
Do you know this place
called "The Cellar"?
That speakeasy piano bar
downtown.
Prohibition vibes.
Great food.
Best piano player in the state?
I'll have to
check it out sometime.
Maybe we could go together.
Uh. yeah.
I'm-- I'm not really
dating right now.
(CHUCKLES)
Ah.
But maybe sometime
in the future?
Is that weird?
Sometime in the future it is.
Goodnight.
(ENGINE STARTS. REVS)
(♪)
(THUDDING. GLASS SHATTERING
IN DISTANCE)
(ENGINE STARTS. REVS)
(♪)
♪ Thinking about you. baby.
you're in my mind ♪
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(PHONE RINGING IN BACKGROUND)
Hey. you.
Theo.
What-- what--
what are you doing here?
Do you drive
a Silver Honda Accord?
Yeah.
Like every other senior citizen
in this town. right?
Yeah. I just thought I--
I thought I saw you last night.
that's all.
Wasn't me.
Never left the house.
Too much bad reality TV
to watch.
Careful.
That stuff is addictive.
You're telling me.
Yeah.
I should give you
your seat back.
I will probably need that.
(CHUCKLES)
Yeah. yeah.
I'll let you get back
to it then.
Sounds good.
(♪♪)
CHLOE:
Lewis. Hey. can I um--
can I talk to you for a second?
Uh.
(INDISCERNIBLE SPEECH)
Um. you don't owe me
an explanation.
No. I-- I do.
Um. so. what happened is
I-- I just--
I got wrapped up in a book.
And then the next thing I knew
I was waking up on the couch.
I totally get it.
Really.
We-- we can try again
some other time.
I really would like that.
-I should probably-- yeah.
-CHLOE: Yeah. yeah. me too.
Bye.
What's going on. hon?
Guy trouble?
CHLOE:
So I have this friend.
acquaintance. not-- not even.
I don't know.
I just-- I can't help
but think that she's in danger.
Ooh.
What kind of danger?
Maybe danger is the wrong word.
It's more like um...
Like I just I have this feeling
that something bad
is on the horizon
and I want to tell her.
But if that's not true.
then it's just--
it's gonna be super weird.
And I don't know. I--
I'm probably overthinking this.
Most of the debates
we have in life
can be solved
with two questions.
What's the worst that could
happen if I do?
And?
What's the worst that can
happen if you don't?
(EXHALES)
(SIGHS)
Okay.
You're doing the right thing.
Hi. you-- you don't know me.
Um. hi. my name is Chloe.
Um. I wo--
I'm doing the right thing.
(SIGHING)
(NATASHA SCREAMS)
Uh!
Hi.
Oh.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Yeah. I just tripped.
That's embarrassing.
CHLOE:
Oh. yeah. Um. yeah. I--
I was just out front and I heard
you yell
and I thought maybe you
were hurt.
So. I just wanted to come
around and make sure
everything was copacetic.
Well. that's--
that's really nice of you.
Thank you.
Um. I'm-- I'm fine.
Oh. you must be house sitting
for the Morgans.
I told them three weeks abroad
was way too long
to leave their house empty.
I don't care how safe
your neighborhood is.
Oh. um--
I'm so glad they
finally listened to me.
I'm their next door neighbor.
obviously.
I'm Natasha.
-Chloe.
-NATASHA: That is so funny.
My best friend growing up was
named Chloe.
Really?
Yeah. she moved to Hawaii.
married a tech billionaire.
has three gorgeous children.
and takes naps on the beach.
She's a bitch.
(LAUGHTER)
Is this your first night in or?
Oh. no. actually I'm not--
Actually. this is really weird.
but I have to post
for this Rosé wine company
and I cannot find
my wine opener anywhere.
Is there any way I could borrow
the Morgans'?
Oh. I-- I don't.
It would be our little secret.
I promise.
(CHUCKLES)
Okay.
Thank you.
You are truly a lifesaver.
Thank you so much.
Mm-hmm. I'll--
I'll just go get that now.
NATASHA:
Just come through the front.
Okay.
(♪)
(GRUNTS. SIGHS)
(GASPS)
(♪)
Tell me when.
Oh. uh. when. when. when.
(NATASHA CHUCKLES)
It's my kind of pour.
(CHUCKLES)
Have we met before?
There's something
so familiar about you.
I don't think so.
NATASHA:
It's so weird.
I'm normally really good
with faces.
To new friends.
Oh. hold on.
Get this picture.
1. 2. 3.
(CLICKS)
(CLINK)
(NATASHA CHUCKLES)
NATASHA:
Perfect.
(LAUGHING)
What's your handle?
I'll tag you.
Cup of Cloclo.
C-L-O.
That's cute.
That's so funny.
You follow me.
I do?
It's probably from one of those
awful loop giveaways
I used to do.
Do you think I could use
your bathroom?
Oh yeah. of course.
It's down the hall on the left.
Okay.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(EXHALES)
(CLICKS)
(LAUGHING)
That's so funny.
(SIGHS)
(CLICKS)
(RING CLATTERS)
(NATASHA & CHLOE LAUGHING)
Sitcom levels of insanity.
Truly.
(LAUGHING)
That was actually
the last vacation
I took with David
before he got sick.
He died in January.
I'm so sorry.
That was really dark.
I'm sorry.
No. no. no. no.
I-- I actually understand.
My grandma died
earlier last week.
I-- I know it's not the same.
Obviously. she was 80.
But uh. she gave me
this necklace last year.
I'm so sorry.
How are you doing?
Like really?
Fine.
But I mean. everything that made
this place a home
died when he did.
Have you ever thought of moving?
Yes. Actually...
This was our home and--
and it's where we wanted
to start a family.
Like how do you let that go?
When the time is right.
you'll know.
Sisters in grief.
I love that.
God. we are so pathetic.
Yeah. pathetic sisters.
(LAUGHING)
We should do this
again tomorrow.
Yes. Yes. I would love that.
(BOTH LAUGH)
(♪)
(PHONE BEEPS)
(LAUGHS)
(SCREAMS)
(CHLOE GASPING)
No. no. no. no. no.
(SCREAMING)
(GASPING)
♪ Mini skirt on.
dip my body in glitter ♪
♪ Plat. platform sneakers
that the boys wanna picture ♪
♪ Don't phone 'cause
♪ I'm a rich bitch
♪ Save your breath. baby.
I'm not going home with you ♪
♪ Mini skirt on.
dip my body in glitter ♪
♪ Plat. platform sneakers that
the boys wanna picture ♪
♪ Don't phone 'cause.
I'm a rich bitch ♪
♪ Save your breath. baby.
I'm not going home with you ♪
♪ Mini skirt on. on. on. on.
♪ on. on. on
♪ Don't phone 'cause.
I'm a rich bitch ♪
♪ Save your breath. baby.
I'm not going home with you ♪
(♪)
♪ Mini skirt on.
dip my body in glitter ♪
♪ plat. platform sneakers that
the boys wanna picture ♪
NATASHA:
And they're heavy.
They're so big.
Oh. it was like.
it was amazing.
(LAUGHTER)
CHLOE:
Oh. of course you said that.
Oh my goodness.
Your hair looks really pretty
tonight. by the way.
You have to like show me
the proper technique.
'cause I clearly don't have it.
NATASHA:
Oh. it looks beautiful.
Okay. But it took me like an
hour. It's not--
NATASHA:
This is my--
this is my literal baggage.
(LAUGHING)
(♪)
♪ Mini skirt on. on. on
(PHONE RINGING)
♪ On. on. on
Hey.
SLOAN: (ON PHONE)
Girl. you didn't get back to me.
Is Arger okay?
Oh. God. Yes. Sorry.
I found him.
He's safe and sound
in his crate.
Oh. thank goodness you did.
Where was he?
My new delivery guy found him
wandering the neighborhood.
SLOAN: (ON PHONE)
Ooh. the one from the other day?
Is he a potential?
(CHUCKLES) Don't start.
You know.
I'm not dating right now.
I know. I know.
But he's cute.
Anyway. I met the Morgan's new
house sitter the other night.
She's really sweet
and we've been hanging out.
I want you to come over tonight
and meet her.
Um. so what I'm hearing is
you found a new bestie
to replace me.
Okay. got it.
Stop.
Okay. I'll come by later.
Thank you.
(FIRE CRACKLING)
I mean. nobody is saying that
you have to get remarried.
All I'm saying is maybe it's
time to rip off the Band-Aid.
go on a few harmless dates.
What's the worst
that could happen?
I've seen enough Dateline
episodes to know that single
is safest.
Okay. nobody is asking you
to be reckless.
Just brave.
Eventually. you're gonna have
to step outside of your bubble.
Can we just change the subject?
Fine.
Chloe.
tell me something interesting.
Oh. uh--
What is it that you do for work?
'Cause I'm looking at the outfit
and it's giving accountant.
Um...
-Receptionist?
-Okay. please ignore her.
I'm a-- I'm a teacher.
Um. actually art.
I'm an-- I'm an art teacher.
-Oh. fun.
-Wow. I didn't know that.
What grade?
Third.
What school?
Baylerton.
SLOAN:
Oh. my sorority sister teaches
English there.
Oh. really?
Mm-hmm. Sandy Schute.
(OVEN BELL DINGS)
Uh. you know what?
I'm-- I'm gonna get that.
Be nice.
I'm just saying.
I...
So. Chloe.
how did you know the Morgans?
-Ooh!
-Oh my God. are you okay?
Yeah. I'm fine.
I just need a second.
(EXHALING)
Get it together.
Get it-- get it together.
(LAUGHING IN BACKGROUND)
Oh. you poor thing.
I'm so sorry.
No. don't be sorry.
This was my fault.
I wasn't thinking.
Still. I feel terrible.
(♪)
(BEEPING)
(BUBBLES POP)
(♪)
(SLAMS SHUT)
(ENGINE STARTS)
(♪)
(KEYS CLINKING)
(SIGHING)
Oh. no. no. no. no. no.
Where-- where-- where--
(SIGHS)
(PHONE RINGING IN BACKGROUND)
-Oh. Lewis. Hey.
-Hey.
I need to talk
to you about something.
Yeah. I'm really busy.
Can we talk later?
No. it's really important.
Yeah. it's fine.
I promise. I promise.
Later.
It was-- it was good to see you.
I'll see you soon.
-THEO: Whoa!
-Oh my God!
THEO:
Oh. I'm so sorry.
I didn't see you there.
I-- oh. wow. I'm so sorry.
-I was not even looking.
-THEO: Wait. uh Natasha?
Theo.
Wait. you do yoga here?
NATASHA:
I do. Do you?
Yeah. well. I try to squeeze
in a session on my lunch.
-Yeah.
-That's so crazy.
I've never seen you here before.
(CHUCKLES)
Right place right time. I guess.
It keeps happening. doesn't it?
Yeah. like the universe trying
to tell us something.
Maybe.
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
Uh. well. I should--
should get in there.
Namaste!
Okay.
Uh. hey. is there anybody
good playing
at that piano bar you mentioned?
As a matter of fact. yeah.
Tonight.
Really?
THEO:
Yeah.
Pick you up at 8:00?
-Okay.
Oh.
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
-Hey.
Okay. you are never going
to guess what I found.
I had to go to like
six different stores.
but I finally found those
chocolates that you love.
And I thought
they would pair great
with the rosé from
the other night that you liked.
That's so sweet. How did you
know those were my favorite?
Oh. well. you mentioned them
in your book.
You read my book?
CHLOE:
Of course. Duh.
How? It isn't out for another
week.
Were you at the signing?
CHLOE:
No. no um--
Uh. this is actually
a really funny story.
So. I was there the next day.
And I guess somebody left one
laying out by mistake.
And I picked it up and then I
took it to the counter to pay.
And they were like. "Oh my gosh.
this is so strange.
That was not supposed to be
on the shelf."
But I think they just felt bad
for me. because I found it
and I wanted it. so.
Huh.
Uh. what-- what is this?
Is this new?
Yeah. that just arrived today.
I was feeling like doing
a little redecorating.
CHLOE:
Hmm.
You look cute.
Thank you.
You're never gonna believe this.
but I'm going on a date.
A date.
Wow. Uh. with who?
Oh. that's gonna be Sloan.
She's dropping off something
from the publisher.
Do you mind getting that?
I'm just going to grab my purse.
-Of course.
-NATASHA: Thanks.
NATASHA:
You're here early.
Yeah. if you don't mind.
NATASHA:
Yeah. of course.
Did you two have a chance
to meet?
Uh. Theo.
Chloe.
I'm ready whenever you are.
-THEO: Yeah. let's do it.
-Okay. Let's go.
Uh. yeah. yeah.
(BEEPING)
CHLOE:
Uh. Nat. where are you going?
The Cellar. downtown.
-Cool.
-Yeah.
Nice to meet you. Chloe.
Um...
Have fun.
I-- I think you missed the exit
for downtown.
I'm not going downtown.
So. where are we going?
Are we still going
to the piano bar?
Well. it's a surprise.
What if I don't like surprises?
I think you'll like this one.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER
IN BACKGROUND)
(CLICKS)
What was that for?
Sending your picture to
my friend.
THEO:
I need her approval?
Well. so she has proof
in case I go missing.
Sent.
Well. I guess I'm just
gonna have to be on
my best behavior then.
(LOCK BEEPING)
(KEYS CLACKING)
(INHALES)
I knew it!
I knew there was
something off about you.
This is not what it looks like.
Oh. really?
So you didn't just break into
my best friend's house?
CHLOE:
Okay. Natasha is not
answering her phone.
So I thought if I could get
to her laptop
and open her
Find My Phone app.
I could find her that way.
'Cause that sounds
completely normal.
You don't understand.
I think she's in trouble.
Everything is gonna be fine.
I promise.
My lady.
This is going to sound crazy.
I think he is dangerous.
He is?
Or you are?
I'm gonna take you to
my secret spot.
I think you're gonna love it.
I talked to my friend
at Baylerton.
Turns out you don't
even work there.
What else are you lying about?
Are you even house sitting
for the neighbors?
Holy shit.
You have got to believe me.
Theo is the one you have
to be worried about.
Why would I believe you?
I already caught you
in two lies.
CHLOE:
Wait. wait. wait. wait.
Hey. wait. wait. wait. wait.
What are you doing?
I'm reporting your ass before
you start smearing blood
all over the walls or whatever
you die at Joe Goldberg
stalker wannabes
fantasize about.
CHLOE:
No. no! I swear. this is not
what it looks like!
(EXHALES)
(GRUNTS)
NATASHA:
Oh my...
THEO:
Worth the hike?
Definitely.
Sloan?
Hey. hey. wa-- wake up.
Sloan? Oh my God.
Oh my God. please don't be dead.
Sloan? Sloan?
Hey. hey. wake up!
(SCREAMS. PANTS)
CHLOE:
Help! Help!
Help. please somebody help her.
please. please.
She um-- she uh-- she--
she fell going down the stairs.
Please. please help her!
(♪)
(RINGING TONE)
(PHONE RINGING)
Hi. it's Natasha.
Please leave a message
and I'll call you back.
Thanks.
(GASPS)
CHLOE:
Oh my God!
What the hell kind
of games are you playing?
CHLOE:
Me?
You are the one stalking her.
I'm the one stalking her?
You kidding me?
Have you looked
in the mirror lately?
No. no. no. you!
No. you are not gonna
turn this around on me.
You are the crazy one!
All that talk about curiosity
being your superpower.
about finding out what's hidden
beneath the surface.
You are completely unhinged!
I should have seen it when you
went off on that guy. you--
You are absolutely delusional.
You know that little treatment
center that you said
you worked at?
Well. I'm starting to think
that that was
a part of your little fantasy.
A receptionist. really?
That's the last job that
a self-proclaimed hermit
would ever take.
Now. see. I think that you were
a patient there.
-CHLOE: Mm-mm.
-Oh yeah.
(SOBS)
Stay away from her.
Or I'll make sure that you do.
(GASPING)
(CRYING)
(PHONES RINGING IN BACKGROUND)
Whoa. hold up. mama.
I'm not sure you wanna
walk into that.
Why?
What's-- what's happening?
Apparently. they have security
footage of you
sneaking into Theo's truck
the other night.
Is that true?
Well. ye-- yeah.
I heard them say that
someone saw you
taking packages from
the sorting area
and trying on
a bunch of clothes.
Girl. please tell me
you didn't do that.
Chloe!
(CAR SCREECHES)
Oh. hi. hi!
Is-- is everything okay?
Sloan is in the hospital.
Do uh--
do they know what happened?
No. she's still unconscious.
I'm headed there now.
I'll keep you posted. okay?
Uh. yeah. if you need anything.
just let me know.
I'll um-- I'll just--
I'll be at home.
Okay.
(♪)
(INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER)
(GASPS)
(♪)
(CRYING)
(GRUNTING)
(SCREAMS)
NATASHA:
Hey guys. um. I just wanted
to come on here
and let you know that I'm gonna
be taking a little break
from social media.
But there have been some crazy
things going on in my life.
And I realized that there's
only one person to blame.
And you're looking at her.
This life and our digital life.
the lines get really blurred.
And I realize I don't really
know who I am.
I need to take some time outside
of this house and just
figure out what it is that
I like and what I want.
This is goodbye for now.
Here we go.
NATASHA:
Hello?
Hello? Is anyone there?
Someone help me!
(GASPS)
(♪)
(PANTING)
Hello. is anyone there?
Natasha.
Oh. thank God. you're okay.
-Stay away from me!
-CHLOE: What?
No. no. no.
I'm here to help you.
but we have to go now.
Theo could be back any minute.
Theo?
He's crazy.
He's absolutely insane.
I will explain everything.
Why should I believe you?
You can trust me.
Grief sisters. right?
(GRUNTS)
This way.
I saw Theo pushing a huge box on
a dolly outside of your house.
You weren't
answering your phone.
So. I got worried
and I followed him here.
NATASHA:
How do you know your way
around here?
Up until yesterday. I was
a delivery dispatcher here.
Theo was one of my couriers.
When I saw that he was
going way out of his way
to make deliveries
to your house.
I started looking in to him.
Nat. he is dangerous.
I have seen it firsthand.
(DOOR THUDS)
What was that?
I don't know. but we have
to keep going.
(DOOR THUDS)
Natasha. we have to go now.
(GRUNTS)
-Run!
-Don't listen to him.
No. no. he-- he tried
to attack me. too.
She's lying.
She's obsessed with you.
No. no. he is delusional.
I am trying to help you.
Don't you see I am your friend?
She's a stalker.
Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!
Oh my God.
You're crazy.
What did you say?
Natasha. run.
Nothing. I didn't--
There is nothing wrong with me.
I'm fine.
They said I was fine.
THEO:
Natasha. run.
Why are you looking
at me like that?
I'm not.
-CHLOE: Stop.
-Natasha. get out of here!
Stop looking at me like that!
Run!
(GRUNTING)
(BOXES CLATTER)
(GRUNTS. SIGHS)
THEO:
Don't listen to her. Natasha!
You can't trust her!
Chloe. you need help!
You know.
you aren't that innocent either.
I've combed through your posts
inside and out.
and you are just like
the rest of them.
Smoothing.
whitening. shaping.
One idealized image
after another.
And for what?
All to create
some perfect package
that doesn't exist.
You are just another influencer.
pretending to be
everybody's friend
until there isn't a screen
in between you.
I wanted you to be different.
I needed you to be different.
-(YELLS)
-(SCREAMS)
(GRUNTING)
(PANTS)
(GRUNTS)
This is all--
-Please. no. please.
-CHLOE: Your fault. you know.
(SCREAMING)
(PANTS)
I just wanted to be your friend.
(GRUNTS)
(GASPING)
(POLICE SIRENS IN BACKGROUND)
(INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER
IN BACKGROUND)
♪ Looking side to side
♪ I'm alone low and high
♪ I'm trying to find something
that makes me feel alive ♪
♪ I never knew under the sun
♪ Running to and running from
♪ I just need someone
to help me see the light ♪
♪ But I can't live without you
♪ I've been ready for.
been ready for this ♪
♪ I think I should start by
letting you. letting you in ♪
♪ Hey
♪ I take a look at you
and start to lose my mind ♪
I think that's it.
-Thank you.
-MAN 1: Alright.
♪ This feels like
something new ♪
(KNOCKS DOOR)
Hey. you about ready?
NATASHA:
Yeah.
I think I am.
SLOAN:
I'm gonna miss you.
I'm gonna miss you more.
SLOAN:
Mm. I'm so proud of you.
This is gonna be a fresh start.
I'm gonna call you every day.
SLOAN:
You better.
I love you.
I love you. too.
(SIGHS)
♪ I don't know just what
I'm letting you ♪
♪ Letting you in
♪ Hey
♪ I take a look at you
and start to lose my balance ♪
♪ What am I falling into
♪ This feels like something
I think that's it.
Thank you.
♪ What am I falling into
♪ This feels like
something new ♪
♪ Hey
♪ I've seen a lot of you
♪ But they were nothing
like this ♪
♪ The way you do
what you do ♪
♪ I think you're something
brand new ♪
♪ Hey
♪ What am I falling into
♪ This feels like
something new ♪
♪ Hey
♪ The way you do what you do